hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you what I got for my
birthday 2020 I have decided to follow
the same format as I did for my what I
got for Christmas video the only thing
we focus on is the material things that
we got for our birthdays as opposed to
focusing on the special moments and
things that you do my family made the
hugest effort to make my birthday
special obviously because it is locked
down the birthdays have become very
different and people aren't spending
their birthdays the way that they
thought they would be spending them my
family really wanted to make it special
also the main event of the day we have
this beautiful picnic in the garden my
mom and I did some baking the day before
we made some vegan scones and also some
jams hearts and then we took everything
outside and yeah like having this really
really nice food to have on the picnic
was so Suzi special will so I've got an
air track for gymnastics like it is
inflatable gymnastics mat that you can
do tricks on and my sister and I put
that out on the back garden and we got
very liquid and water and made this like
slip inside with there which was a
really good fun and then in the evening
to finish it off a lovely day we watched
Little Women which is my favorite film
of all time we didn't realize it's
actually available now to buy we ended
up buying on iTunes and that was on my
birthday presents I can't wait to
rewatch it over and over again because I
just think it's remarkable if you
haven't seen Little Women you have to
watch it yes I had a lovely birthday I'm
so grateful to my parents everyone who
sent me cards and wish me a happy
birthday and just I feel so so grateful
and so lucky and you don't have to tell
me twice that I am so incredibly lucky I
feel that I feel that to the nth degree
I just really appreciated being able to
spend my birthday with family said I'm
going to show you the presents that I
got so I'm going to be filming this in a
slightly different format usual I mean
usually I'll sit down and I'll just show
you what I got one by one but I wanted
to make it a bit more exciting and so
I'm gonna be changing angles
so from my mom I got this beautiful
beautiful cardigan from its patina it's
cots F hat right round the collar is for
such crucifies and to go along with it I
got this very I've had my eye on for
ages it's so so furred as little cats
from my parents I also got these really
classic button-up pajamas and these have
got blue and white stripes on them
really remind me of like boarding school
pajamas for some reason like old
fashioned boarding school pajamas as you
can see I managed to get some you true
on these the other day which is very sad
then from my grandparents I also got
some pajamas I got these ones these are
the newer rows cyber jammies and they
are really really pretty but these
unfortunately are too big for me so we
are going to return these and I can
exchange it for something in the shop
and I'm not sure exactly at what I'm
gonna exchange it for but I think I
think I'm gonna get a new bed jacket
this is my bed jacket you've probably
seen it in my videos I feel like this is
very on Brown for me at this point and
also this night dress which is just
really pretty thank you so much and I'm
gonna then I received this oh my gosh
this is probably this is one of my
favorite presents I received so it says
true vintage pulp in my mom found this
on at sea and you can basically put this
into your coat and it's just so pretty
and decorative and I love love the
detailing of the slide how gorgeous is
that I was in love the box
now on to stationary so the first piece
of stationery I received is this
beautiful pink Lambie pen this is from
my aunty uncle and cousins it's the
medium nib Safari pan and I am just
obsessed with the color of this it's the
most beautiful beautiful color and every
single time I use it I just feel so
happy I also bought these pans with the
birthday money I got from my grandad
because all of my black gel hands have
run out of ink the zebra sarasu in 0.7
nibs and three of these
now onto books I've mentioned this
before but I don't tend to get books for
my birthday or Christmas anymore because
people don't really know how whether I
already own or have read a book already
but the books I did get I love the first
book I received is this one Emily
Dickinson's envelope poems alongside
this lovely card and this was from my
friend and Anne has an amazing channel
on YouTube and she's one of my first
internet friends I also chose some books
with the birthday money I got from my
grandad the first book I chose is this
one frosting made by Antonia white and
it is one of the new Virago classics
editions I got the lost girls of count
for evermore but I bought that
secondhand and so it hasn't come yet
and I also bought a book on my Kindle
which is Emily of New Moon by L and
Montgomery then my grandparents got me
the most this is such a beautifully
sentimental gift it's this book this is
a trip to many lands by WJ Foster
this book belonged to my great great
aunt she won it when one of her stories
was published in a magazine from 1904 if
you've been following my channel for a
while then you'll need that only love
love love old books with a story behind
them and the fact that I know the story
behind this book my grandma outlined it
for me in this latter day she has
hatched but it's been kept in the family
and so it feels like I'm receiving a
family heirloom and so this is so
seriously special to me
next onto the food that I received so
food was actually one of the biggest
gifts that I got this year my dad's main
present to me was food so we were having
a picnic on my birthday and so we got
some really nice vegan foods in that I
wouldn't usually have been able to buy
my favorite favorite sweets you have to
get these from M&S oh my - I went it's
actually to reminisce to get these
before my birthday which was so as they
lovely a thing then my dad also got
three boxes of marshmallows these are
the vegan marshmallows by Ananda foods
the raspberry flavor the strawberry
flavor and the vanilla favorite flavor
my favorite is the vanilla it's so good
so I also got two bottles of this
sparkling tea
the first one is this one from Fortnum
and Mason and the second is my
Copenhagen it's the vinta one this one
basically is a chai
sparkling tea we also got some pistachio
and rose butter which is so good wild
blueberry jam and rubub and raspberry
jam this is easily my new favorite jam
it is so good as you can see we've
already eaten a lot of it I got this
amazing blue spirulina powder which
basically you can add to your smoothies
and it will turn them blue from my
sister I received these fuzzy match
chocolates it comes in this works paper
must also got me some man who can
attends which are my favorite ones then
in terms of T my sister taught me this
Pride and Prejudice t this is so so
delicious it's peach and apricot my
parents also got this tea
my parents really love Moroccan mint tea
and they really wanted me to try it
so it's really really good I can testify
so one of the main presents I received
this year was actually from glossier if
you watched my not cool enough video
then you'll know that I've spoken about
this I've always thought I'm not cool
enough to shop from certain places but
I've really started to get out of that
mindset
I'm glossy is a company that I actually
really really loved so I got the priming
moisturizer then I got the milky jelly
cleanser I've been using this every
night and it smells amazing one of the
balm calms this is the cherry one then I
got two of the generation G lipsticks so
I got to the colors I got work rush and
cake the second one is crush which is my
favorite I also got the wilder I haven't
actually tried this yet but I look
forward to trying it and I've never
actually used a powder before so I'm
excited to see how it works and then the
final thing I got is this color slide
eyeliner and when I open this I wasn't
sure if this was just gonna be a bit too
bold for me because it's a metallic
pinkish color it actually tried to do a
few times and it's actually a lot more
subtle than it looks
I'm just good Oh also related to make up
my sister got me this set of Beauty
blenders and they look really really a
static
so now I'm going to go into showing you
the fitness related things that I
received I have actually been so much
more active since lockdown started and
so I actually did receive quite a few
gifts to do with exercise which is very
surprising for me usually I wouldn't
receive anything to do with exercise
ever because historically I have not
been a fan of it so the first thing is
this pair of black leggings these are
from fabletics I own one pair of these
already but it's the only part of sports
leggings I own and say it's really
problematic when I want to wash them
from fabletics also my mum chose me this
sports bra it's just spotty and then
finally this one is from my dad actually
this top
it's from Rafa it's my dad swears by
them and he wears them under everything
this was such a cool with such a cool
surprise so my mum got me the beast gear
be straight such a funny name basically
it's a skipping route
it's this fancy wire one I'm not sure if
you've ever watched the film family
weekend on Netflix but it's one of my
favourite movies and she's a competitive
jump Roper my comment got me this in
lieu of that I'm really looking forward
to actually using this when my anklets
are covered okay so technically this
wasn't a present from someone but it was
a present to myself and I did
intentionally buy it as a birthday
present to give to myself basically this
is it's basically this piece of
equipment for gymnastics I'd wanted to
get one of these for a couple of years
and since it was on sale for about a
quarter of the price I decided to buy it
myself as a birthday present
so now I'm going to show you the kitchen
we're dining things overseas because
there are actually quite a few so my mum
got me a ceremonial mat jacket which
came with this match a whisk this
holding stand for it
this cute for the mulcher and then this
bigger scoop I think this might actually
be my favorite gift I received it is
these two mugs by a Cornish artist who
is inspired by the Cornish seascapes one
of them is Cornish storm and the other
is Cornish Mizzell and my mum got me two
so that we could basically have one each
my mom also got me six of these enamel
camping cups I love this kind of Cup so
so much and I'm so grateful to receive
them but I got excited when filming this
clip and I balanced it on my head which
was really really silly from my dad I
got four of these beautiful glasses from
the white company these are just the
most beautiful glasses I think I have
ever seen finally the kitchen worms the
last thing I ordered with my birthday
money from my granddad it is this giant
jumbo coconut ball from the shop coconut
balls and I also got one of them folks
to go along with it
so now let's go on to more miscellaneous
items and the first thing I want to show
you is so so cool these are
handkerchiefs and they are personalized
and embroidered with my name so these
are from my grandparents and it just
says Ruby and this lovely blue
embroidery with a star and they've got
this like lace detailing around the side
I literally cannot tell you how excited
I am to use these I have actually
started using the me up for kids they're
just so perfect and I didn't want to
ruin them that that was such a cool
surprise my grandparents obviously know
me well because shop called Amy's gift
my sister also got me this yes game this
is big Harry six battle in the bay I do
actually have a Nintendo 3ds and I don't
really use it but because my sister is
really big on gaming she bought this
means because big hero six is one of our
favorite cats films to watch together so
that my sister got me some things my
polaroid two packs of Polaroid film
which is amazing also this mini Polaroid
photo album which is so cool and I
really enjoyed putting all of my photos
in this month also got me this super
super adorable Polaroid case then also
in terms of camera stuff my sister won't
need this and it looks really really
strange basically what you do is you
attach this over your Latins then when
you want to take a shot through a window
it means that there won't be any
reflection from the glass which could
actually coming really really useful
these two candles from the white company
the first one is fresh grapefruit which
smells amazing and there might also got
the seychelles candle which I already
own and it's my favorite scent that the
white company does
and then finally I just wanted to show
you some of the beautiful cards that
people sent me I love birthday cards
some of them have just such beautiful
pictures well pretty is that design I
would she'd the three ones that were
handmade ever sent to me my friend to me
sent me this beautiful card it's just
stunning I love this so much
and the message inside is so lovely too
this is incredible this is from my close
friend at university Blakeney who I'm
sharing a house with next year she sent
me this in the post I didn't realize she
was this talented but it came to arts
but she drew me this and me she painted
me this amazing picture of an from I'm
with an e and then she put on that tree
my favorite quote from the series I'm so
glad I live in a world without her
October's so that's everything I
received for my birthday this year I
feel like my friends and family know me
so say well I didn't ask for anything in
particular this year at all
the fact that I received so many
presents that I truly truly love just
makes me feel so grateful for the people
around me and the fact that they know me
so so well yeah thank you to everyone
who wished me a happy birthday thank you
for watching this video I'm not trying
to show off by making this video lots
and lots and lots of people wanted to
see it thank you for watching and I hope
that you have a productive
[Music]